c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\DatabaseAccess.dll.config
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\DatabaseAccess.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\DatabaseAccess.pdb
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\MySql.Web.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\obj\Debug\DatabaseAccess.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\obj\Debug\DatabaseAccess.dll
c:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\dezbateri\DatabaseAccess\obj\Debug\DatabaseAccess.pdb
